# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 98

Meeting Date/Time: Thursday, May 29th, 2025 17:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration: 20 minutes

### Moderators: Pacu (ZecDevRel)

### Attendees: Decentralistdan (ECC), John (ZF

### Agenda

There was no quorum. :(

Action Items:

- PR for UA rev 1 (ECC) and reviewers needed (everyone\!)  
- ZIP-316 changes (ZIP Editors) and reviewers needed (everyone\!)  
- User Facing Name for the ZU types? Where should they go?  
  - There should be **no** new name. Just Zcash or Shielded Address should do.