# Light Client Working Group Devs Meeting 91

### Meeting Date/Time: Thursday, January 9th, 2025 17:00 UTC

### Meeting Duration: 50 minutes

### Moderators: Pacu (ZecDevRel), Decentralist (ECC)

### Attendees: Dan Forbes, Conrado, Za Dismad, John

### Agenda

- Team updates  
- Challenges and Opportunities for Zcash Shielded Wallets in 2025  
  - Metamask Snap and its applications  
  - Hardware wallet support and its impact on current tooling  
  - How to strengthen collaboration between teams?  
  - WHEN Zaino and lightclients.


  

Metamask Snap:

- continuing to develop  
- PCZT needs to be integrated to WebZ.js  
- Hacken will be doing the audit on the snap  
- Overview of the architecture of WebZ.js can be found here [https://hackmd.io/@wollum/BJaqaB81kl](https://hackmd.io/@wollum/BJaqaB81kl)  
- 

How to strengthen collaboration

- ZecHub: Learning how to find the different groups and tools to contact the different teams.   
- Dan: overall the interaction is pretty satisfactory, and there might be many channels and it could be best to actually have a single communication channel and be vigilant of proliferation of communications channels.   
- ZF: we have a bit too many channels, personally Conrado prefers   
- Zingo: we are looking forward to building our own messaging platform that provides better privacy guarantees.   
- ZF: The main thing I'd like to see this year is having a wallet supporting FROST. We won't be able to make that happen just by ourselves since we'll be busy with zcashd deprecation, but we're happy to collaborate with anyone who wants to make that happen. 


  
When Zaino and lightclients: probably within a few weeks.  